feat: extend badge to be available for group links (#995)
withastro/starlight: .changeset/orange-pants-tell.md

---
'@astrojs/starlight': minor
---

> Extend badges to be available for group links

Reviewer: What do you think of tweaking this like this?

```suggestion
Adds support for adding sidebar badges to group headings
```
